[Music]
hello everybody today I'm going to give
you a tour of my new room at uni I'm
still in college owned accommodation all
halls if you want to come like that and
I actually quite like my new room I've
decorated it I've settled in now and I'm
gonna show you around so this is a view
of my room as you walk in the door you
can see which I love because my room
last year had much smaller window so
it's a bit dark so here is the bed I've
got my pink 4 as I had last year and
we'll compare ding I have got a duvet
like that underneath my throw and I
actually really like the bed area
because it's got these cushion things at
the back of the bed so it can be like a
sofa as well as a bed and the best part
it's secret storage as well and then
around the top of the bed I've just got
two bits I've got my Winnie the Pooh
print I'm trying to have a reusable
water bottle this year and this photo
returns of all US starts just like
memories up there alarm clock in a very
handy little cubby in here do my alarm
in there so damn end of the bed here we
have actually got a little coffee table
because it's just things I bring up I've
got my tray here at the moment so making
breakfast for myself with some coffee I
bring it up on my tray my coffee table
and then laundry bags in there this year
so I don't have to use bed liners which
is good the laundry segment is gonna
reach new heights this year and I've
also got my clothes airer ok so moving
on round we have the desk area
love a good spinny chair I've got my
lamps up here and let me zoom you in on
my other bits on the desk so here I've
got my hole punch my sticky tape mistake
ler pens and pencil put other useful
desk bits like that and then moving
along we have my macbook
and also my filing trailer which doesn't
have much paper in it at the moment but
it will get very messy very shortly I
can guarantee you and one of the best
parts about this desk but I didn't
realize existed is it's got this thing
and underneath it it's plugs so that is
very handy okay and then in the bottom
part of the desk I have these two
drawers they're not quite as big as the
drawers I had in my desk last year but
there's other secret storage around so
it doesn't matter too much
so in this big drawer that I now suppose
me for files but I've just dumped
everything in there so I've got spare
folders my laptop case spare stationery
that I'm currently not using that's just
falling out everywhere
way to go page envelopes you name it
just spare bits and bobs spare staples
batteries in there and then this is my
top desk drawer for things I use on a
regular basis so my actual pencil case I
take to lectures with me and a pack of
cards my calculators new pens because
I've always get through pens so quickly
at uni like I just write so much my
glasses always happy and my to-do list
papers are in there and now we've come
around to one of the most exciting parts
of the room and you might be thinking
not much to see here but just you wait
to the right of the desk we have a door
onto a balcony and here is the view onto
the balcony it is not as big as some of
the other balconies but it's a decent
side to me I want to get a deck chair
and put it out here now moving around
this is literally my favorite part of
the room like this notice board is
absolutely massive like double the size
of my notice board last year and I'm so
pleased it is because I had so many
photos to fit up there so I've got the
notice board filled with lots of memory
you've got old menus old puting score
cards and just
memories postcards from holidays etc etc
and I just love looking up at that I
work with the kind of messy style like
all the angles of the photos and stuff
that's on purpose I didn't want to go
for tidy when you would get too stressed
about it not being perfect so I was like
yeah just go for a messy style lots of
gaps between photos and here you have it
and I also have a set of smooth like
fairy lights up on this side of it as
well which I like getting rather festive
I have an armchair which is so much
comfier than my chair in my room last
year like it's a bit more it's more
squidgy nicer to relax in also nice
radiator behind so when it's cold and I
get in I was going to kind of sit on his
armchair and against the radiator and
warm up okay and then here we have my
shelving unit on the bottom shelf
I've just got things like my makeup and
yeah literally just my makeup is taking
up that whole space got quite a lot of
makeup next shelf I have my hair stuff
in the mirror up here and then I've got
lots of mugs and cutlery and kitchen
stuff because the kitchen cupboards
aren't that big downstairs so I like to
keep keep a little bit still up in my
room next shelf this is all my work so
I've got lots of folders
most of these are empty at the moment
waiting for me to put my second year
work in but I think this one is my is
exported from last year oh and my new
textbook for the new year is
electromagnetism second edition grant
and Phillips very exciting can't wait to
get stuck into that spare paper and
flash cards of course flash cards I've
got like food so my biscuit tin jaffa
cakes which are on offer at the moment
Velveeta just crisps and barbecue sauce
and washing up liquid to take downstairs
and we need some and Oh a ten-pack of
ciders get those deals and I've also got
these side spaces as well so I've got my
pink giraffe in this one decorate
this shelf I'm using for bike stuffs in
my bike helmet bike lights bike gloves
bike keys because it's close to the door
which is just there so when I'm going
out and I need my bike stuff because I'm
cycling to lectures I can just grab it
as I go next shelf I have more
decorative stuff up here I've got
medicines contact lenses photos and then
down the bottom of the shelving unit I
have these cupboards let's just slide
open this one's not very interesting
it's got spare bedding towels and
laundry stuff plastic bags etcetera and
then in this side I've got things like
my hair straighteners and electricals
and I think oh yes my scarfs and gloves
are stuff ready to come out when it gets
freezing cold give it a few weeks and
it's gonna be absolutely freezing I'm
gonna be cycling to lectures in it can't
wait and as you can see I've got a fairy
lights running across the top here I've
strung them up using command hooks or
when I say I I got my friends to do it
for me but it looks cool
now we're back at the door and so you
have this little corridor bit coming the
other way which I thought I wasn't there
like I was worried I thought it'd be a
really dark corridor but actually
because the windows are so big over
there it's actually still quite light
and we've got a full-length mirror and
when I saw this I was very very very
happy it is much nicer than the
full-length more I had last year like my
full-length mirror last year was tiny
and in the door of my wardrobe now this
this is what I like to see and then
coming down the corridor and round the
corner we have another part of the room
I've got my wardrobe here with coats
hung up there and in this room is my
bathroom I am so pleased I've still got
an ensuite this year like hallelujah I'm
really like having my own bathroom okay
so this is the Wardrobe area there's
actually quite a lot of space I've got a
cupboard in here with jumpers will fold
it up let's open the Wardrobe up it's
pretty spacious
most of my clothes hung up I've got
shoes just down here let me angle me
down here are all my shoes in here and
then below the Wardrobe doors we also
have drawers so I have lots of clothes
hold it there's so many socks and just
here I have my slippers here also a foot
store because the top of the Wardrobe is
really high and it's really hard for me
to reach so I'm just using a box to
stand on to get my stuff out and now to
head in to my bathroom welcome so it's
actually quite big for a bathroom as
well like we've got a loo sink shower
I'm gonna bring you in we have a big
shelf which I've got more bathroom stuff
out on I've got my basket bathroom stuff
it's not particularly tidy but it is
what it is it's around the corner so it
doesn't have to look nice because no one
comes in here except from me and up here
we have a big mirror behind the sink the
mirrors a fab in this place because it's
coming round here we also have this
mirror as well and then here's a quick
peek in the shower there's not really
much to see it's just a standard shower
but yeah oh no I'm actually really
pleased with my room it's becoming
homely by the second and I've just
settled in I feel like it's mine now
I've properly decorated it I will say
it's not quite as modern as my room last
year it's a bit more dated but I can
deal with that I've got a balcony a
balcony that's insane so very happy with
it if you enjoyed the video please do
give it a thumbs up and subscribe for
more videos from me hit notification
bells then you're notified when I next
upload and follow me on Instagram to
follow more warm up to it uni as well
it's at under school page under school
why I'll link it in the description and
I'll see you soon with another video uni
blogs let's go bye
[Music]